CFT: Remove CFTokenPage structure (#150)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: XLS-0033d-compact-fungible-tokens/README.md

Each **`CFTokenIssuance`** costs an incremental reserve to the owner account. This specification allows up to 32 **`CFTokenIssuance`** entries per account.

#### 1.2.1.2. The **`CFToken`** object

> The **`CFToken`** object represents an amount of a token held by an account that is **not** the token issuer. CFTs are acquired via ordinary Payment or DEX transactions, and can optionally be redeemed or exchanged using these same types of transactions. The object key of the `CFToken` is derived from hashing the space key, holder's address and the `CFTokenIssuanceID`.

Reviewer: Let's break this last bit about the object ID into its own section called `CFTokenID`. We can make it look like [this section](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0033d-compact-fungible-tokens#12111-cftokenissuance-ledger-identifier) (which is for CFTokenIssuanceID).

Reviewer: Nevermind on the above comment. I'll submit a different PR to propose this change. Resolving this one.

##### 1.2.1.2.1 Fields

> A **`CFToken`** object can have the following required and optional fields. The key of each CFToken is stored in a CFT directory designated for a particular `CFTokenIssuance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **`CFToken`** object can have the following fields. The key of each CFToken is stored in the Owner Directory for the account that holds the `CFToken`.
```

| Field Name            | Required?          | JSON Type | Internal Type |
| --------------------- |--------------------|-----------|---------------|
| `LedgerEntryType`   | :heavy_check_mark: | `number`  | `UINT16`      |
| `Account`            | :heavy_check_mark: | `string`  | `ACCOUNTID`   |
| `CFTokenIssuanceID`   | :heavy_check_mark: |  `string` | `UINT256`     |
| `CFTAmount`              | :heavy_check_mark: |  `string` | `UINT64`      |
| `LockedAmount`        | default            |  `string` | `UINT64`      |
| `Flags`               | default            |  `number` | `UINT32`      |
| `OwnerNode`               | default            |  `number` | `UINT64`      |
| `CFTokenNode`               | default            |  `number` | `UINT64`      |

###### 1.2.1.2.1.1. `LedgerEntryType`

> Maps to the string `CFToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value 0x007F, mapped to the string `CFToken`, indicates that this object describes an individual account's holding of a CFT.
```

###### 1.2.1.2.1.2. `Account`

The owner of the `CFToken`.

> ###### 1.2.1.2.1.3. `CFTokenIssuanceID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### 1.2.1.2.1.3. `CFTokenIssuanceID`

```

| `lsfCFTLocked`       | `0x0001`   | If set, indicates that the CFT owned by this account is currently locked and cannot be used in any XRP transactions other than sending value back to the issuer. When this flag is set, the `LockedAmount` must equal the `CFTAmount` value. |
| `lsfCFTAuthorized`       | `0x0002`   | (Only applicable for allow-listing) If set, indicates that the issuer has authorized the holder for the CFT. This flag can be set using a `CFTokenAuthorize` transaction; it can also be "un-set" using a `CFTokenAuthorize` transaction specifying the `tfCFTUnauthorize` flag. |

> ###### 1.2.1.2.1.7. `OwnerNode`

Reviewer: We need to add these two fields to the `CFToken` fields table:

```
|PreviousTxnID | ️ | string | HASH256
|PreviousTxnLgrSeq | ️ | number | UINT32
```

For definitions, we need to add this:

```
1.2.1.3.1.4. **PreviousTxnID**
Identifies the transaction ID of the transaction that most recently modified this CFToken object.

1.2.1.3.1.5. **PreviousTxnLgrSeq**
The sequence of the ledger that contains the transaction that most recently modified this CFToken object.
```

We should also add these fields to `CFTokenIssuance`. See https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/pull/4751 for more details around a likely future amendment requiring these fields on all objects.

Reviewer: I'll propose this in a separate PR.

Identifies the page in the owner's directory where this item is referenced.

###### 1.2.1.2.1.8. `CFTokenNode`

> Identifies the page in the CFT directory where this item is referenced.

Reviewer: What is the `CFT Directory` that you're referring to? Are you proposing a new object here?

Currently, there are only two types of [Owner Directory[(https://xrpl.org/directorynode.html#directorynode) nodes -- one for `offers` and one for `everything else`.

My understanding from our last discussion was that `CFTokenIssuance` and `CFToken` would both live in their owner's owner dirctories (the "everything else" kind, above).

Reviewer: I'll make a separate PR to discuss this one.

Used to continue querying where we left off when paginating. Omitted if there are no more entries after this result.

 ### 1.7 Free CFTs

> When a holder creates a `CFToken`, if the holder owns at most 2 items in the ledger including the new `CFToken`, the account's owner reserve is treated as zero instead of the normal amount. This is following the status quo of how free trustlines work today.

Reviewer: I think we should strike this section. In theory, we can propose anything we'd like in this specification.

However, ledger reserves exist to protect the operators from having to store free data on behalf of ledger users. Making a "free tier" go against that idea, and shouldn't be modified on a per-feature basis. 

Instead, fee changes should be an XLS of their own, and independent of any particular feature. Not having this free tier will also mean we have one less thing to debate when or if this spec ever gets put up for an ammendment.

Last but not least, this free tier doesn’t seem to be necessary because a user must “opt in” to hold CFTs anyway, so that user can decide at that point if they want to pay the 2XRP reserve or not (this isn't a very large amount to bear anyway).

I'm also happy to move this one change to a different PR if my suggestion is controversial...?

Reviewer: I'll propose this in a different PR.
